first up on day two of the Junior World
Cup were a China side looking to bounce
back after conceding a last-minute goal
against south africa at 1-all going into
the final minute against canada china's
bing bang gu scored a penalty corner to
give them their first three points the
next match saw the Netherlands take on
the USA with both sides on three points
this would be a significant encounter
and it was the Dutch who came out
stronger with a goal in the second
minute they scored twice more in the
first half including this reverse Nick
effort from Samantha Saxton after van
Wyk got her eighth goal of the
tournament the USA pulled one back
through Tara the Tessa but it was the
Netherlands who finished strongly by
scoring a thick in the final minute
the third match was between Australia
and Russia Australia opened the scoring
in the second minute and went on to
score another five goals in the first
half with Madison Fitzpatrick score
twice
in the second half alexandria in the
russian goal kept the score down the
jilla ruse added just one more patrick
gold sixteen-year-old fitzpatrick
the last match of day two was between
Germany and Spain a closely-fought first
half ended 1 all Germany took the lead
early on in the half before Spain
equalized through their captain Bert of
an ashtray following their third form in
a row
Germany came out firing in the second
half and took the lead with the
deflection from Maryland Kraus
but a game spain found an equalizer and
the match ended 2-2